[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I used to have
random visions,
and I could not explain
where they were.
My mother taught me meditation
since I was 12 years old.
I never took it
seriously, and I was
using my mantra and everything
else when I was younger.
But I never had any visions.
I couldn't care less about
the Buddhism part of things.
That was more part of her life.
I was more drawn towards the
simplicity of my dad's life
in the business world.
It was more pragmatic, and
I was more drawn to that.
When I was 16 years old, I
was in a boarding school.
My dad sent me over
there as a punishment,
because I was kind of failing
my grades in the public system.
And when I went to
school, I thought
I could probably put the
transcendental meditations
to use.
For some reason,
I felt compelled
that I could do something.
I felt more powerful that year.
I don't know if it's
because I was turning 16,
and I was more
attracted to girls.
I'm not sure.
But I felt there was
something changing in me.
I remember having,
like, pounding
headaches and
nosebleeds that year
and powerful visions
of people in my class.
One example was this girl
who was in my Spanish class.
All of a sudden
during the class,
I saw her on a scooter
leaving the school.
And she was hit by a car
on the right-hand side.
And she died.
And that shocked me.
And I didn't know
what to do with this.
So during the break, I
decided to write down
a note explaining the accident.
I was quite goofy about this.
I didn't know how
to deal with this.
So I wanted to let her
know what could happen.
And so I put it
out in a pen case,
and then when she read it
during the break, she shouted,
you know, who did this?
And sheepishly, I said, it's me.
And so she just shouted at me.
And the whole event
kind of blew away.
And that was quickly forgotten.
And then a year later, the
accident that I described
happened.
She was hit by a car exactly
the same location I described.
But the man who hit her was
the Spanish teacher that
was in the class I was
having the vision in.
And she never died.
But I guess the
interpretation of the death
was that she turned paraplegic.
So she ended up being
in a wheelchair,
and she never came back
to school after that.
But the fact is that I saw this.
I also was able
to use meditations
to come out of my body and
see objects from a distance.
And in that case, I was in
the boarding school, going
into the girls' dorm, and
was able to hover over
the night table of a girl
that I fancied to impress her.
And I described three objects
that were on the night table
that she placed purposely the
same day, because that was
the game that we were playing.
I was asking her to place
one object that day,
and she placed three.
And when I came back the next
day and I told her what I saw,
she freaked out.
And she turned all white, pale.
And I basically
lost the opportunity
of being her boyfriend that day.
It carried on for many years
after that to the point
where when I first
met my wife at 20,
she basically said
to me, I don't
want you to have those visions.
And I don't want you
to share them with me,
because you might see me dead
or splitting up or anything
like that.
And I respected that.
And for 10 years, I
decided to shut it down.
I almost imagined, like, some
grid falling all around me
like a cage to protect me
from anything that would come.
And that worked for 10 years
until those visions came back
in full form.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I started to build up
a life for ourselves.
In 2005, we started a
business, starting with honey.
And we built a multinational
starting with Canada
and then moving on
to the US and then
England and then New Zealand.
We branched out to health
food stores, grocery stores,
pharmacies, and then
working with cancer research
institutes.
It was not really thinking of
the consciousness movement.
My life was just working,
working, working.
My dad was a businessman,
and therefore, I
was very comfortable
in that world.
Nothing else mattered to me.
We became the leading
brand of that type of honey
in North America very quickly.
In 2009, my wife and I decided
to go on holiday to Peru.
And when we got back
from that holiday,
I remember basically
having very vivid visions
that really bothered me.
I was waking up at 2
o'clock in the morning
and writing them down, because
it was so strong and so vivid.
And at that time, my
wife just got pregnant.
I not only saw my child
at the age of 20 years
old, not knowing the sex
of the baby at the time.
I saw her face.
I saw her walking
in the corridor.
And she was taller than my wife.
And she had a dimple on
her chin, which is strange
because I don't have a dimple.
And my wife doesn't
have a dimple.
And so I described our
daughter to my wife.
And she just was very
pleased with that,
because it kind of comforted
her in her first pregnancy.
That was something that
was actually positive.
More striking to
me was the visions
I had about those
various events.
One of them was about the
assassination of a man.
I could see him through
the eyes of someone else.
So I was basically on the top
of a rooftop of a building.
And I could see
this man in the car.
And the window was rolled down.
The car wasn't in motion.
And it was a black car.
And the man had a mustache.
And I didn't recognize
him from anywhere.
But at the same time,
while seeing him,
I was having downloads
of information, so
impressions of who he was.
And the words were Prime
Minister, assassinated.
These were the two main
words that came to me.
And I knew that the
man was dead already.
[CHATTER]
So it was not so much
of a vision of someone
who was going to
die, but something
that already happened.
The next day when I woke up, I
was looking on Google Images,
and "Prime Minister
assassinated"
were the keywords.
And the face of
that man showed up.
I could see him there.
It was exactly him.
And I recognized him.
I told my wife, who
was still in bed.
I was watching it on my laptop.
And for whatever
reason, I thought,
let's switch on the television.
And the first scene that
we saw like the news report
was a live report of
the Hague in Europe.
And they were having
a tribunal about some
of the potential killers
of Rafic Hariri, the Prime
Minister of Lebanon.
It was a live
report, and they were
explaining that two or three men
were brought in for testimony.
But they got released,
and they couldn't
hold them responsible for it.
But I had still no idea why
I was seeing those visions
about this man who died and
how this will relate to my life
or in any shape or form.
And I also had visions
of other events
that happened the same day,
which was the crash of a FedEx
airplane, the crash of
another airplane with children
inside onboard.
They were trying to
go to a skiing resort,
and that airplane
really did crash.
And I saw those events
the next day in the news.
And those visions changed
my life completely.
My wife also had
to accept it too,
because I could
not shake them up.
It was something that
stayed within me.
And I could not get rid of them.
When you think about, again,
the remote viewing program that
was created by the Stanford
Research Institute,
and the CIA got involved and
created the Stargate program
The program got
shut down when it
became public and got released
in "The New York Times."
And the government
said, shut it down,
because the money spent in
that was not properly used.
But what most
people don't know is
that that program, instead
of being shut down,
got multiplied by like
five times over time.
Nowadays, there are so many
different factions and groups
of remote viewers around
the world that are all
linked to that original
program or this target program,
it's still very much active.
From 2009 to 2011, I had
a huge amount of visions.
And those visions were becoming
more and more intense in terms
of cataclysmic,
seismic activity,
tsunamis, earthquakes,
fires, you name it.
And this was causing
me grief in a sense
that I was trying to build
up a multinational business.
And all of a sudden, I was
bombarded with those visions
on a daily basis.
Sometimes during the
day, I was in a meeting,
and all of a sudden, boom,
those images came to me.
I thought, I need to see
someone to help me out
with those visions because
it's disturbing my life.
It's not going to be
helping me down the road.
So I booked an appointment
with a clinical hypnotherapist.
[TICKING]
One day, I had a
dream about this boy.
And he had big eyes.
He had high cheekbones,
bright smile.
And he looked like
in his 20s, almost
like a surfer dude
from California,
but not looking so human.
His eyes were like three
times the size of a human eye.
The face of that boy stayed
with me for the whole day.
I was looking
through the window.
And there he was.
It was so weird.
And so I came back home.
And I decided to--
after supper, I decided
to sit down on my sofa.
And that's when I closed
my eyes for a few seconds,
and I could feel this
whirlwind around me.
And it was a weird kind
of energy wind around me.
And all of a sudden, the
boy was standing up right
in front of me.
And he had a blue glow
around him, still smiling.
He was excited to
see me, but I was
completely petrified to
the extent physically
I was not able to move.
My hands were glued to the sofa.
My eyes, as soon
as I opened them,
I could not move
them after that.
And I couldn't speak.
He spoke to me telepathically
and said, my name is Zoar.
I'm from the Galactic Alliance.
And that was very strange,
because I never cared about ETs
before, about UFOs.
When he talked to me about
the Galactic Alliance,
I said to myself, I said, I
have no idea what that means.
I had many questions.
And for whatever reason--
and it may sound selfish,
but I was asking him about the
visions I was having, because I
booked this appointment with
a clinical hypnotherapist.
So while waiting for
this appointment,
he showed up in my life.
When I asked him about
my visions, I said,
you know, I saw people dying.
And we saw things.
And he said, well, yes, so what?
You know?
Things happen, but our
souls live forever.
And therefore, the
illusion of this world
is part of your reality.
And he was so cold
in a way that he
was so pragmatic about
things that to me it
felt that he wasn't living
on the same reality as ours
for sure.
When he vanished, basically
it was like a blue haze.
It was very shocking to me
that I had this encounter.
And I thought, my
god, I've lost it.
You know?
And so I was walking
back towards the kitchen,
and I just remember
grabbing my cup of tea,
not even thinking
or looking at it.
And I was still thinking
about what just happened.
And I was putting
it towards my lips.
And I said, wow,
that's freezing cold.
And I put it down.
And right away, I
looked at the stove.
And the time showed that I had
over two hours of missing time.
And the time when I was
talking to this being
was maybe like 15
minutes at the most.
And that was on the
11th of November 2011.
So 11/11/11.
And I never paid attention
to the synchronicities
of the dates at that time.
So when I went to see
the hypnotherapist,
our first meeting
was about regression
and trying to go back to my
past lives as well as my visions
and trying to make
my visions disappear.
But her idea was, well, how
about we make you control them
if you want to?
It's up to you.
You can either choose
to control your visions,
or you can make them go away.
And I thought, well, maybe I
should try to control them.
So she taught me how
to do self hypnosis.
And with a tape for like 70
minutes, I was listening to it.
And I could see more
things, like control
and have visions on demand.
She was also trying to explore
the facets of my past lives
and if maybe those visions
had anything to do with that.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I could see my life
as an Egyptian.
And I was in the sand.
I was outside.
And right next to me on my right
were human-like beings that
were at least 14 feet tall.
They had animal heads
or bird's heads.
And I could see the
people in front of me,
and they were just
looking at those beings
being frightened by them.
And I was next to them
believing that I was
their creator, a geneticist.
At one point, I could see this
triangular spacecraft that
showed up above the pyramid.
And so right away,
I got the impression
that those creatures next to
me came from ET technology,
or at least I was
helped to create them
from the ET technology.
So the hypnotherapist,
she asked me,
when did these visions start?
And then I told her
that when I was younger,
I used to have random visions.
So the hypnotherapist wants
to go back to that time
when I was 16.
When I closed my
eyes, I was sent back
to when I was 16 years old.
I was looking around.
And it was dark.
And I was on the school
grounds of that boarding
school in France.
Then I looked back at my feet,
realized that my feet were
leaving the ground.
So I was being lifted up.
I kept describing it.
So now I'm placed on
my back in the air.
And then I just go feet
first into a spacecraft.
And I could see the door
opening on the side.
It was very bright, and I
was going in feet first.
As I got into the spacecraft,
I saw those weird, tall, Grey
aliens.
And they had big black
eyes, a slit for a mouth,
and hardly any nose, no
ears, elongated fingers way
below their kneecaps,
longer than human arms.
I had some IV drips on
my arms and all that.
But I wasn't really
feeling the pain.
Then the tall, Grey
aliens started to argue.
And I could hear them doing
like [LOW MUMBLING] like a very
deep sound like this.
And I looked at them,
and they stopped.
They stopped being
busy around me.
When that happened,
the hypnotherapist
stopped the session on purpose.
She basically was so
shocked about what
I was describing that she
was not prepared for this.
You know, we were about to talk
about visions, but she said,
I have got zero
clue about aliens.
I don't know how
to deal with this.
So give me a few weeks.
And then come back, and then
we can start the session again
so I can read up about
it so I can ask you
the right questions at least
help you with the topic.
So I said sure, that's fine.
So we waited some time.
And then I came back
for more sessions.
So we repeated
that same session.
And I was seeing
exactly the same thing--
being lifted up, going into the
spacecraft, and then IV drips.
When the Grey aliens
argued, she asked me,
so can you ask them what
they are arguing about?
And I said, well,
how can I ask them?
They speak a different
language, you know?
And she said, because in
your subconscious mind,
you can ask them the question.
And they will be able to
respond to you in English
or in French, whatever you want.
And when I asked them what
they were arguing about,
they did respond to
me in English, saying,
we can't touch you because
you've been tampered with.
She said, can you then
ask them to show you
what they mean by that,
you've been tampered with?
And then a bunch of
symbols showed up
in between me and them.
So they were
holographic symbols.
There was an
upside-down triangle
with, like, three dots, like
a star shape and like a stick.
None of that meant
anything to me.
But I was describing it
to the hypnotherapist.
Then she said, well, what
do these symbols mean?
And the Grey aliens would
not tell me anything.
The therapist said,
can they then show you
where you've seen those symbols
before if they can't tell you
what they mean?
And at that point,
my whole world
changed when I blacked
out under hypnosis.
And I felt I was going
backwards very fast.
And I had no idea
what was going on.
And then all of a sudden, I
opened my eyes under hypnosis.
And I could see my hands.
And they were, like,
babylike hands.
I was in a baby body.
And I could feel this
black and silky bath
that had intelligence to it.
And I could see
through the glass
that there were some shapes
like silhouettes walking around.
I could not quite
tell where it was.
So because of that,
the hypnotherapist then
said to me, well, can
you come out of your body
to find out where you are?
And so I followed exactly
those instructions.
I came out of my body, and I
can see this massive spacecraft
that's a few miles long.
And I know exactly where I
am inside the spacecraft.
Oh, and I can see the
Earth underneath it.
I could hear the therapist's
voice panicking, saying,
oh, go back in your body.
And so I went back into my body.
And then she asked
me to come out again
by saying, stay in
the room so, you know,
you can see what's in the room.
And I did that.
There was a green tinge and
an orange tinge to the walls.
Everything felt alive.
And everything had an
intelligence to it.
Like the craft itself had life.
The man and a woman were wearing
the upside-down triangle symbol
that those tall Grey aliens
in that spacecraft showed me.
The woman, by the way,
looked very beautiful.
And she had, like, long hair.
And when you think
of, like, Poseidon
or Zeus or whatever,
these statues,
they looked exactly the same.
I remembered how severe and
stern they seemed to me.
It was not like a
loving feeling in a way.
And they were not experiencing
the human emotions
the way we feel them.
It was very different.
For them, it was very
scientific and to the point.
The man then spoke to me
in a very stern manner
again and said to
me, you are supposed
to be living your life
in a human form and die.
That's all we're asking of you.
That's it.
Nothing else.
We live within an illusion.
Therefore, this reality is
made up for our experiences.
And that's pretty much what
he was trying to tell me.
You are supposed to
be living your life
and then die so we could learn
from these human emotions
from grief to love to hate,
because those emotions are
so complex.
Over the years, I have
learned that those beings
were Anunnaki.
So Zoar was my younger brother.
As an Anunnaki
being, I volunteered
to be incarnated into
this form as a human body.
Most people are also.
They volunteer their soul
being to create this reality
so we can have that experience.
So Zoar broke the rules
of the Galactic Alliance
to come and see me
in my human form.
He said to me, because you
had those experiences now
and you are kind of awakened,
you need to go back to Earth
and start awakening the
starseeds of this planet.
These are the words he used.
I mentioned that to the
hypnotherapist, and I said,
that's it.
That's what he told me.
And he would not
share anything more.
And I said, I don't know
what to do with this.
Basically, it's nice, but I
can't do anything with it.
I don't have a guide, a
manual to follow through
with this request.
When my mother got
pregnant, there
was a lot of mystery
around my birth.
She got pregnant, and
then she had a hemorrhage,
went to the hospital to check
if the baby was all right.
And that's when they told her
that she was carrying twins
and that one of the baby
was older than the other,
maybe like three to four
weeks apart, especially
in the southwest of
France in a small town,
it's never been seen before.
It was kind of an anomaly.
They told her though,
they said, you
know, it's most likely
the first fetus will die,
because it's not growing.
It's not developing, which
is exactly what happened.
She had a miscarriage,
and she ended up just
carrying me to term
at nine months.
And when I was born, the first
layer of my skin fell apart.
And I was screaming in pain
probably for six months.
And it was not growing
back by itself.
So my family resorted to the
services of different doctors
and tried to give me, like,
all sorts of bath solutions.
But nothing was working.
When I was six months
old, my skin came back.
And no one knew why and how.
It just happened.
I feel that when I
was in that spaceship,
it was so vivid,
so real that I just
put the two and two together.
When I was in the spaceship,
I was six months old when
I saw myself as a baby.
I really believe that they
were the ones who healed me
from this condition
with the black water
people call black goo, but
it wasn't black goo to me.
It felt like healing,
more like fixing my DNA.
To me, it just felt
real, and it just
gave me the answers
for something
that was a big
anomaly and missing
link for my own
family back in France.
When you think about
the human reality,
it's called the
collective consciousness.
It's a made-up reality that
has been designed for us so we
can have all those experiences
and then die and then move on.
But the Hopi Indians and various
cultures around the world
have those prophecies, like
the rainbow prophecies,
for example, with
the Hopi Indians.
They talk about a time when all
the cultures around the world
will gather around a circle
and recreate a new reality
for themselves where the trees
can grow back overnight--
overnight from seeds.
What's interesting about all
the First Nations-- and I
was fortunate enough to
work with a few of them
where I live right now in
Vancouver Island, Canada.
When you ask them,
where do you come from,
where does your culture,
your nation comes from,
they said, well, our
ancestors fell from the sky.
They don't call them ETs.
They say, they are
our star brothers.
And we're not
different from that.
We just forgot
where we come from.
What the Anunnaki
shared with me was
that we are the last form
of evolution on the planet.
This is the last
time they will try
to manipulate the human
genome, because we
are the perfect example of
how we can evolve already
using the tools combining
the energetic world
with the physical world.
And we can combine that to make
up a new reality for ourselves.
This is what the Hopi
Indians talk about.
They say, we can recreate
reality overnight,
because this is in our power
if we just put all of our minds
together.
Mind over matter
is a real thing.
This is demonstrated
in schools today
when they can put plants,
like two different plants.
And by interjecting some
negativity towards one plants
and love and
kindness to another,
the one that has all
the negative emotions
will die way sooner
than a plant that has
all these positive energies.
So mind can in fact matter.
This can also be impacted
from any location.
You can do the
same thing remotely
from like 5,000 miles away.
That's when we can see that time
and space is just an illusion.
It's got no real boundaries.
Over the years, the
more and more people
I've been involved
with have been
confirming what I've
been going through,
what I've lived through.
When Zoar showed up
in my living room
and started telling me that
he was part of the Galactic
Alliance, this meant
absolutely nothing to me.
But I came to realize
that the Alliance was
a bunch of group of ETs that
were working with one another.
The human genome--
we have our DNA.
We have all these components
and branches of our DNA
that are from
different ET races.
Like a recipe
basically would have,
let's say, for me, like
75% Anunnaki, 5% Draco, 5%
Andromedan, whatever it is.
You have a different
recipe for each.
So when people today will say,
I feel like I'm Andromedan,
I feel I'm Pleiadian,
I feel like I'm Draco,
I feel I'm this
or that, they have
a sentiment they feel
attracted to those beings.
Well, that is probably true.
But they also ignore
the fact that they
are way more complex than
what they seem to be.
All of these beings are
working with one another.
The Draco used to be part of
the human genome program, which
is why we have the
reptilian brain,
and we have the
connecting energy.
All of that is
affiliated with them.
So it's not all negative.
There are some positive
components to these beings.
But unfortunately,
because of their agenda
and being as greedy
as they are and not
wanting to play
by the rules, they
got ejected from that
Galactic Alliance.
The duality in terms of negative
and positive is very real.
And certain factions,
certain forces, ETs,
would prefer to work towards
darkness because it gives them
extra power.
And we can see that
today on planet Earth.
Those inferences exist as much
as the positive inferences.
So we have access
to both ET groups
on the planet who are
currently controlling us.
They are the Illuminati groups
and the secret societies
are working with the
Draco reptilians.
And I know that from people
who are within those groups.
The Secret Space Program
faces that daily.
And again, this explains
why there are so
many powerful factions
between the CIA,
the SSP, and the cabal groups
that basically are fighting
one another on a regular basis.
I have worked with
people who told me
that they went on
missions through the SSP,
and they have met the Dracos.
They have seen humans
in cages and children
that some were used
to be fed to the Draco
as a delicacy, some for slaves.
They are currently working
towards a program that's
called the immortals when they
want to leave forever, right?
That's one of those things
that they work towards.
I'm talking about
people in government who
are using those dark energies.
The people from the SSP that
went on to fight those groups--
I know people within the
Secret Space Program that got
killed that never came
back from those missions.
The way I can do remote
viewing, seeing events
in other locations,
doing remote influencing,
influencing people from a
distance-- all of these things
are humanly possible.
Everyone can do this.
Some can do it with training.
A lot of remote viewers out
there do it with training.
I do have limits
like anybody else.
But I do remember
where I come from.
I've gone back to the source
of the origin of life.
I've traveled
through the cosmos.
I've traveled through
the multiverse.
It doesn't make me a better man.
It doesn't make me
feel like I'm above.
I'm just still a human
being with an experience.
I believe that my role
and my small little role
in doing this and achieving
this is by following
the agenda of disclosure.
People should realize that they
are way more powerful than they
are.
To regain control of their
lives, of their solar origin,
remembering who they
are as sovereign beings,
because we're not just puppets
of the government and society.
We are enlightened
beings already.
We just have to
remember who we are.
We can make a change.
Eventually everybody
will awaken to this.